Add section 'requirements for processing modules' (#17)
iiasa/ece-docs: scenario-databases.rst

-------------------

When submitting a scenario (a.k.a. "run") to an IIASA database instance, the server
executes a scenario-processing workflow including *region-aggregation* and *scenario
validation* prior to saving the scenario to the database. The processing uses the
**nomenclature** package (`read the docs <https://nomenclature-iamc.readthedocs.io>`_).

The region-aggregation and validation is configured via a project-specific GitHub_
repository, usually named `https://github.com/iiasa/<project>-workflow`_. Please contact
the respective project managers or the Scenario Services team if you need access.

> The workflow for processing files uploaded via the IIASA Scenario Explorer is

Reviewer: I'd keep the paragraph on local-processing (including the link) and add the new paragraph below.

Reviewer: Repeating my comment that the reference to local-processing should be kept...
```suggestion
You can also run the project workflow locally (on your computer) before submission to
an IIASA database instance, to make sure that the validation and processing works.
See :ref:`local-processing` for more information.
 
The workflow for processing files uploaded via the IIASA Scenario Explorer is
```

> implemented in a modular fashion. This makes it straightforward to execute programs,
> code and tools developed by (non-IIASA) research partners as part of the processing
> workflow.

Reviewer: It's still some work for us, so I'd not use the word straightforward.
```suggestion
implemented in a modular fashion. It is possible to execute programs, code and tools
developed by (non-IIASA) research partners as part of the processing workflow
if the tool follows the :ref:`processing-requirements`.
```

Author: Good point
